# packages in environment at /home/phanindra/env/SVpipeline:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
bcftools                  1.9                  h68d8f2e_9    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.35.1               h193b22a_2    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.35                h67ddf6f_30    conda-forge
bioconductor-biobase      2.46.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.32.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.20.0            r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.54.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.12.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.22.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.2                     r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.22.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.38.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.20.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      1.18.0            r36hdb70ac9_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.2.0             r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rsvsim       1.26.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.24.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-shortread    1.44.0            r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.16.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.26.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.32.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
biopython                 1.78             py37h4abf009_1    conda-forge
boost                     1.70.0           py37h9de70de_1    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.70.0               ha2d47e9_1    conda-forge
breakdancer               1.4.5                hb3646a4_8    bioconda
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37hb5d75c8_1001    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_7    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_3    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.12.5            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h18b612c_1001    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.5           py37h261ae71_0  
chardet                   4.0.0            py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
coreutils                 8.31                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.6            py37h5d9358c_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.68.0               hf8cf82a_0    conda-forge
delly                     0.8.3                h43566fd_0    bioconda
expat                     2.2.10               he6710b0_2  
fastp                     0.20.1               h8b12597_0    bioconda
fastqc                    0.11.9                        0    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            he4413a7_1000    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h7ca028e_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
gatk                      3.6                           5    bioconda
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.5.0               habd7529_18    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              7.5.0               h47867f9_30    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h0b5b191_1005    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.5.0               h56cb351_18    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         7.5.0               h78c8a43_30    conda-forge
giflib                    5.1.7                h516909a_1    conda-forge
glib                      2.66.7               h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.66.7               h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
gnuplot                   5.0.3                         4    bioconda
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.5                  h294904e_1    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.5.0               hd0bb8aa_18    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              7.5.0               h555fc39_30    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h37c48d4_1    conda-forge
htslib                    1.9                  ha228f0b_7    bioconda
icu                       58.2              hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
insilicoseq               1.5.2              pyh3252c3a_0    bioconda
java-jdk                  8.0.92                        1    bioconda
joblib                    1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              h77966d4_13    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.4               h2fd8d38_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                8_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                8_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.68.0               hda55be3_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.0                  h14c3975_1    bioconda
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h58526e2_2    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     7.5.0               hda03d7c_18    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.3.0               h2828fa1_18    conda-forge
libgd                     2.2.5             h0d07dcb_1005    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.5.0               h14aa051_18    conda-forge
libgfortran4              7.5.0               h14aa051_18    conda-forge
libglib                   2.66.7               h3e27bee_1    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.3.0               h2828fa1_18    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                8_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.12          pthreads_hb3c22a3_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_5    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  7.5.0               hb016644_18    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.3.0               h6de172a_18    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.0.9             h648cc4a_1002    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                h99fbfcb_2    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.9                h13577e0_2    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h58526e2_4    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.1           py37h8960a57_1    conda-forge
openjdk                   10.0.2            h14c3975_1015    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1j               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.40.14           he7ab937_1005    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2               h14c3975_0  
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002001                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-gd                   2.71            pl526he860b03_0    bioconda
perl-gdgraph              1.54                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-gdgraph-histogram    1.1                     pl526_3    bioconda
perl-gdtextutil           0.86            pl526h14c3975_5    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.428                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.428                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-math-cdf             0.1             pl526h14c3975_5    bioconda
perl-statistics-descriptive 3.0702                  pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
picard                    2.18.29                       0    bioconda
pip                       21.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pirs                      2.0.2                haae0128_4    bioconda
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.15.3           py37hda2845c_1    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
python                    3.7.10               hdb3f193_0  
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
r-base                    3.6.1                h8900bf8_2    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.75.0_0          r36hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_6           r36hcdcec82_1004    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.8               r36hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-hwriter                 1.3.2           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-jpeg                    0.1_8.1           r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r36hcfec24a_3    conda-forge
r-latticeextra            0.6_29            r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.3_2             r36he454529_0    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.58.0            r36hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-png                     0.1_7           r36hcdcec82_1004    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.2          r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_3           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.25.1             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.7                           1    bioconda
scipy                     1.5.3            py37h8911b10_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
soapaligner               2.21                          0    bioconda
soapcoverage              2.7.7                         0    bioconda
sqlite                    3.33.0               h62c20be_0  
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                h77966d4_13    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               h21135ba_1    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11               h7b6447c_3  
